In previous part, I told you about servlet.
So now I am going to create some HTML pages.
Then some java logic here.
So mainly it consists only html pages and all things.
You can also create JSP here.
So what is JSP is basically Java solid pages, which uses some java language inside HTML.
So here I'm using only html pages.
But you can use JSP Logic here also.
JSP page consists of tags, JSP tags, some expressions also.
So JSP has more or more advantages on servlet part, but for the understanding purpose, I'm going with
the JSP, so here I am considering only two part like admin which has role to ad librarian.
And librarian is going to check all the student records and everything.
So you can also include some student method also here.
But as a considering, student method is very complicated here.
You can go with two parts on admin to add administrative actions and librarian to manage everything.
So this is all about how we can create JSP.
So JSP is having advantages more than so.
It's like it's extension of servlet.
It's again easy to maintain past development.
No need to re complain, recompile and redeploy again and again.
Part.
So these are all about DSP.
Jtbc is Java database connection.
So as we know, this is very crucial.
Like we don't want to include in text file, we just want a database here.
So database consists of different types of tables, database and etc..
So I'm using your only relational database, not play SQL or anything relational database, and I'm
going to use the relational SQL queries only.
So database stands for Java database connectivity databases and Java API to connect, execute and query
with the database.
So each and every database is already created there.
Developers already created GBK connectors for Java API as Oracle consists of GBK with 14/10 version.
Newer versions also are available with the purpose.
Also, my SQL connector is for my skill.
So these are two examples of relational database.
If you go further with MongoDB and different database, you will understand that there are GB drivers
available on the internet.
So there are four types of database for Oracle database.
It's twin driver.
Basically we are going to use and ODB.
My SQL is bridge driver, then native driver.
Network protocol driver drivers are used for different, different purposes.
So we can use GDB app to access tabular data stored in the relational database with the help of GDB
API.
So we can save update, delete fetch data from database so we can use that part also.
So let us see what is gdb.
See api.
So see api is nothing but java application.
Connector which connects gdb API and GDB key driver and gdb said driver connects to the database.
So it will be very, very helpful to create a database connection.
So let us go to ID all.
As I told you, I already created this part, but no need to worry.
I will explain each and every thing.
So I'm using this bootstrap thesis part.
As you can see, this is my bootstrap thesis file, so nothing.
But I'm just adding bootstrap failure and main purchases.
And this is all about judges.
So it's nothing but consistent.
These types of let me lose this part again.
So you can just directly use and download it from the internet available.
I'm using.
Different things here now.
And I am also adding some part also here.
Forget about this, but I'm adding some images here.
With some things, as you can see for my skill, connection and everything.
So close.
So it is landing page on first place in the testament email.
Don't change this in the HTML because it's already written in configuration file.
So everything.
As you can see, manifest and everything written in HTML is basically the loading part here.
So in this part, this welcome page, I'm printing the title, this is my stylesheet.
I'm creating navigation bar.
So you can change this also with different, different things.
But for this purpose, I'm putting as in this HTML first part and everything.
And this is home for admin and library.
And I will change it again because I'm loading this only.
So I'm printing in the same part.
I can use this only.
Let me change to this only and it's only because I'm printing in the same if you want to change it in
another part.
Like if you want to create some another thing here, you can use that part also.
And let me mention the class also.
You can create different pages for admin, admin and library, but I'm creating one single page.
I'm collapsing this part.
And this is my e-library.
Let me.
Within this part then.
Okay.
So this is all about these things.
So I'm creating admin login page here.
Don't worry, these all things are related to tags with class and roles.
Admin login method is post again and what I'm creating.
I'm creating.
From U.S. Army.
Remember?
From action.
Action should be with some.
I'll put a name or we can say with some default or not ABC or something.
It should have some proper name because we are going to create some part also there.
So my suggestion is you can create this admin login inside another part.
Let me.
I mentioned this.
Okay, so I'm going to use this logic.
So let is I'm going to tell in writing a solid part.
I'm going to create some packages and some packages for like you can see that there are some we are
going to create some more solid so or Java logic.
So it will be very hectic to check each and every part.
So for that purpose I'm going to use this servlet with email then.
This is basically labeled an input and then another with the password.
Similarly, for this purpose, I'm going to put your servlet library and port login because I'm going
to create inside that only.
And this is I'm submit part so this is all about how we can create index dot html.
So this is basic thing I'm going to create.
So after this, I'm going to write a logic for servlet dot admin login.
So let me create one servlet here.
I'm not going to go with default package.
I'm going to create another package, your java package.
Name a solid.
CORNISH So this new default package inside this, I'm going to create admin log in.
Not just.
After you write the new dialog box is open.
So I'm going to create a name that servlet dialog box will be open.
Then click next on that dialog box after giving the name, add information to the deployment and descriptor
clicks and click finish.
So once this is done, you can see solid, consistent log in part.
You can change this and delete this part also.
Let me add your admin.
No.
So let us write this part step by step.
So let me add some or import some libraries, which is basically import Java.
Dot, dot, dot, I'm using here.
Then I'm going to use your servlet, Java X servlet, basically.
So import as I told you, you need to.
Joe, like solid.
Dot star.
So I'm doing this today and I'm just importing.
I need a HTTP part also here, so I will.
Duration HD beat North Star.
So.
So I will put here as.
Importing.
Libraries.
That's it.
So now we are done with this.
Let me.
And I despaired again because we are going to override this only.
So it will take time to check everything.
So as you can see this.
Or you can close this part.
On why it is not okay.
It will remove that error later.
Oh.
Uh.
I'm not.
When it will not win.
If you are doing this.
It is from this and it includes the Spartans.
So.
The public.
We are going to create class, basically.
So basically our public class is basically public class.
I'd been logging.
We are going to create.
Admin log in your.
We take strain http solid.
Let me copy this part because.
And again, HTP.
So not only servlet HTTP server that you're going to mention here http.
So.
Now we are mentioning this.
Let me add one protected area to post method.
So.
Me cancel this and type it again.
Sometimes you use error because of.
Some part.
Let me add it again.
So what?
You can remove this part again because it's no longer required.
Okay.
So let's.
Now we are done with this.
So let us right the logic here, basically.
So in the next part, I'm going to tell you how we can create the logic here.
But before creating a logic, let me write some part here.
And I will tell you what is this part?
So this is nothing but a solid part.
Here, basically, we are just overriding this part.
So we need to mention this web.
Solar.
If you don't want to enter, you can also.
No need to mention this again and again.
So we created a response and this and we need a writer to print something on similar page, which is
item in section and everything.
And I'm going to create a HTML page inside this only, which is basically admin section.
We can say admin panel, your only.
So.
I am taking the request from string.
Which is basically connected to the.
That part fitting request.
I'm fitting the request.
So if you want to give another string also, you can do what I'm going to do.
I mean, we'll ask for switching that part from HTML and I'm creating logic for login.
So if you don't want to put some default here, you can add it to the database.
But for the security convenience, I'm going to check from direct things.
So I will.
What I will do is you're.
I will bring her string.
Even is equal to.
I mean.
Not.
Me.
I did it.
You and me, which is basically nothing.
No need to check each and everything.
I can check change this part also.
What I'm going to put is is string P one is also.
I mean, one, two, three.
So this will be the password and username for log admin.
You put your credentials or any.
Finch.
So this will be the credential for admin page.
So now you will understand I am going to create a false part here only which each and everything is
simple Java.
So let me use that first part and you will understand this.
So this is very easy, useful thing you can use here.
In further part, I'm going to create some library and methods and issue ebook login library and each
part.
So for further development, I'm going to use Java.
So.